[Music]
we're here at Radio techcon 2024 radio
techcon is the UK's annual conference
for the audio and radio technology
Community the community we have here is
so important it's a really brilliant
place to network meet with colleagues in
the UK and from Beyond we share ideas
and Inspire new projects the sessions
range from everything to do with Studio
builds transmission cyber security and
also all the bits in
between welcome to techon
[Music]
2024 historians have gone back to the
historical record the pick the things
that fit in with their narratives
something like carbon accounting
ultimately collaboration has to be the
long-term goal with anything also you're
facing the wall you might want a 180 oh
well yeah yeah what has the transmission
adjudicator ever done for me A lot has
probably happened since your radio
station very first went on a smart
[Music]
speaker going to some of the other kit
that you need to run Europe's largest
radio station this is the traffic and
travel ANH
and it's it's work it's wor it works so
hard and my work is basically trying to
make speech Technologies fair and
inclusive I wanted to create in a
massive experience where the audience
could lie down and take some time out
and be surrounded by sound when I was
there we had to introduce a big orange
light right in front of the presenter to
remind them that that fader was open
that will be a quiz at the end this is
the end where there will be a quiz hello
everyone
[Music]
good night from techcom see you next
[Applause]
year being here is really good there's a
wide range of people all the way from up
sea level Executives all the way down to
people just starting uh and it's really
good to see a big overview of the
industry I keep coming back to radio
techcon year after year after year
because of the absolute breadth and
diversity of the speakers taking to the
stage the people speak
are not only showing me things that I've
wondered about but also things I've
never even considered the talks that
I've been lucky enough to have time to
listen to after traveling down here have
been excellent and the great thing about
this conference is the extent to which
people chip in with with questions they
want answers to take back to their radio
stations I'll definitely come back again
so I'm looking forward already for the
next radio techon it really is a a
conference that covers pretty much
everything in such a neat little package
it's an absolute highlight of my year
[Music]